[docs] Update config-file.md (#56754)
metabase/metabase: docs/configuring-metabase/config-file.md

## Values with special characters in the `config.yml`

> If a value contains double braces (`{%raw %}}}{% endraw %}` or `{%raw %}{{{% endraw %}`), you must use triple backticks to tell the config parser to use the literal value. For example, if your password was `{% raw %}MetaPa$$123{{>{% endraw %}`, you'd need to wrap the value in triple backticks, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a value contains double braces (`{%raw %}}}{% endraw %}` or `{%raw %}{{{% endraw %}`), you must use triple braces (inside double quotes) to tell the config parser to use the literal value. For example, if your password was `{% raw %}MetaPa$$123{{>{% endraw %}`, you'd need to wrap the value in triple braces and double quotes, like so:
```

```
{% raw %}

> password: ```MetaPa$$123{{>```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
password: "{{{MetaPa$$123{{>}}}"
```
